MSU-UA PCard Contrib Reconciliation
======================

This git repository represents the University of Arizona (the UA)'s _MSU-UA PCard Contrib Reconciliation_ modification to **KFS 3.0**, in the form of patch files (generated by svn diff), liquibase scripts, and documentation.
This "patch package" is designed to be informative to technical developers in the position to
apply patch files to the java source code of KFS. In order to better serve such an endeavor,
this README contains several informative sections:

* <a href="#jiras">List of Jiras</a> - This list contains every Jira ticket at the University of Arizona
  that relates to this modification. It provides reverse documentation back to the developers at
  the UA in case of questions regarding how this patch package was created.
* <a href="#liquibase-changesets">List of Liquibase Changesets</a> - This list contains any
  liquibase changeset files that were associated with this modification.
* <a href="#patch-files">List of Patch Files</a> - This is a list of each patch file that needs
  to be applied to the KFS source code in order to realize the modification. This list does _not_
  include patch files for revisions that didn't touch the `trunk/` at the UA.
  Before a modification was merged with `trunk/`, it may have been tweaked, reworked, refactored,
  code reviewed, etc, in handfuls of revisions in a feature branch.
* <a href="#revisions">List of Revisions</a> - This list contains every revision associated with
  this modification. Many of which, as you will see, only touch files in a feature branch. The
  revisions that actually made it into the actual modification touch files in `trunk/`. The list
  of patch files is a better reference of which are these revisions.
* <a href="#files">Lists of Files</a> - These lists contain every file that was created,
  modified, or deleted for this enhancement.
* <a href="#post-mod-changes">List of Post-Modification Changes</a> - This list contains
  revision numbers that are _not_ included in the patches, or raw patches, but that touched one
  or more key files involved in this modification.

Disclaimer
==========

> There are several commits for KITT-235 that contain changes to `data.sql` which is where we were keeping SQL changes during this enhancement. The commits with changes to data.sql include: 1109, 2244, 3153, 3804, and 4560. You can see it a little more clearly in the wiki.

<h2>Jiras</h2>

This is a list of Jira tickets at the University of Arizona that relate to this modification. The subversion revisions tagged against each such jira are also listed:

* **KITT-235**: (PCard Administration and Reconciliation)<br />
  revisions: #1108, #1109, #1638, #1639, #1640, #2239, #2240, #2241, #2242, #2243, #2244, #2640, #3149, #3150, #3152, #3153, #3154, #3804, #3805, #3938, #4010, #4560, #5210, #5211
* **KITT-383**: (Fix for bug in KITT-235; Entering a partial credit card number and submitting returns server error.)<br />
  revisions: #2198
* **KITT-1623**: (Fix for bug in KITT-235; PCDO's Routing to Exception when Reconciler Group Empty or Only Reconciler is also a Cardholder)<br />
  revisions: #13106
* **KITT-845**: (Add sales tax, use tax fields to PCard as provided by UA)<br />
  revisions: #8231, #8233, #8300, #8394, #8432
* **KITT-1025**: (Make Fields Read-Only When PCDO is FINAL)<br />
  revisions: #9616, #9617, #9618
* **KITT-909**: (Prevent Cardholder Self Reconciliation )<br />
  revisions: #9201

<h2>Liquibase Changesets</h2>

* `latest/tab/FP_PRCRMNT_TRN_DTL_T.xml` saw the following activity:
  * created in #8233 (resultant file: [`whole_files/r8233/FP_PRCRMNT_TRN_DTL_T.xml`](whole_files/r8233/FP_PRCRMNT_TRN_DTL_T.xml)).
  * changed in [#8300](https://subversion.uits.arizona.edu/kitt-anon/kitt/!svn/bc/8300//financial-system/kfs-cfg-dbs/trunk/latest/tab/FP_PRCRMNT_TRN_DTL_T.xml).
* `update/KITT-845.xml` saw the following activity:
  * created in #8432 (resultant file: [`whole_files/r8432/KITT-845.xml`](whole_files/r8432/KITT-845.xml)).

(3 changes among 2 files)

<h2>Patch Files</h2>

This is a list of all of the patches for revisions that affected files in `trunk/`. The filenames in each has been modified, for easy digestion. UA's subversion server manages many Kuali projects in one Subversion project, so a file path like:

```
financial-system/kfs/trunk/src/org/kuali/kfs...
```

has been modified to:

```
src/org/kuali/kfs...
```

* [`patches/01108-01109_KITT-235_cleaned.diff`](patches/01108-01109_KITT-235_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #01108 through #01109.
* [`patches/01638-01640_KITT-235_cleaned.diff`](patches/01638-01640_KITT-235_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #01638 through #01640.
* [`patches/02239-02244_KITT-235_cleaned.diff`](patches/02239-02244_KITT-235_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #02239 through #02244.
* [`patches/02640_KITT-235_cleaned.diff`](patches/02640_KITT-235_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #02640.
* [`patches/03149-03150_KITT-235_cleaned.diff`](patches/03149-03150_KITT-235_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #03149 through #03150.
* [`patches/03152-03154_KITT-235_cleaned.diff`](patches/03152-03154_KITT-235_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #03152 through #03154.
* [`patches/03804-03805_KITT-235_cleaned.diff`](patches/03804-03805_KITT-235_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #03804 through #03805.
* [`patches/03938_KITT-235_cleaned.diff`](patches/03938_KITT-235_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #03938.
* [`patches/04010_KITT-235_cleaned.diff`](patches/04010_KITT-235_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #04010.
* [`patches/04560_KITT-235_cleaned.diff`](patches/04560_KITT-235_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #04560.
* [`patches/05210-05211_KITT-235_cleaned.diff`](patches/05210-05211_KITT-235_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #05210 through #05211.
* [`patches/02198_KITT-383_cleaned.diff`](patches/02198_KITT-383_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #02198.
* [`patches/13106_KITT-1623_cleaned.diff`](patches/13106_KITT-1623_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #13106.
* [`patches/08231_KITT-845_cleaned.diff`](patches/08231_KITT-845_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #08231.
* [`patches/08394_KITT-845_cleaned.diff`](patches/08394_KITT-845_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #08394.
* [`patches/09616-09618_KITT-1025_cleaned.diff`](patches/09616-09618_KITT-1025_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #09616 through #09618.
* [`patches/09201_KITT-909_cleaned.diff`](patches/09201_KITT-909_cleaned.diff) is the patch file for #09201.

<h2>Revisions</h2>

This is an ordered list of revisions that relate to this modification. There may not be a patch
file for every revision listed below for the following reasons:

* A revision might only affect a branch, perhaps one where development primarily took place. Any
  changes that finally made it into `trunk/` will be seen in revisions that specifically touch
  files in `trunk/`. Therefore, we do not create patch files for revisions that only affect a
  branch.
* A revision might only include a liquibase changeset that is executed by some automated process.
  Since each institution maintains different revision controls on their database, liquibase
  changesets are not provided as patches. They are instead presented as intact files under the
  `liquibase-changesets/` directory.

[Here](patch_log.txt) is a printout of `svn log -v` for each revision.

*   \#1108 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-03-27 21:30:50 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > KITT-235 Added method to access new system parameter.
*   \#1109 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-03-27 21:36:15 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > KITT-235 SQL for new parameter.
*   \#1638 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-05-02 00:25:33 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > KITT-235 Modified to reflect correct Jira ticket number.
*   \#1639 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-05-02 00:27:08 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > KITT-235 Includes method for new system parameter.
*   \#1640 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-05-02 00:28:26 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > KITT-235 Includes code to check for new system parameter before displaying.
*   \#2198 was committed against KITT-383 on 2009-05-28 00:43:49 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-383, KITT-384
*   \#2239 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-05-30 00:34:25 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#2240 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-05-30 00:34:52 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#2241 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-05-30 00:35:11 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#2242 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-05-30 00:35:32 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#2243 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-05-30 00:36:31 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#2244 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-05-30 00:55:17 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#2640 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-06-11 00:54:03 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#3149 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-06-22 23:58:23 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#3150 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-06-22 23:59:17 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#3152 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-06-23 00:05:46 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#3153 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-06-23 00:47:27 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#3154 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-06-23 00:57:27 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#3804 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-07-07 01:01:49 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#3805 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-07-07 01:02:48 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#3938 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-07-18 00:37:24 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#4010 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-07-20 17:49:07 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#4560 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-08-25 21:38:32 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-235 PCard Administration and Reconciliation
*   \#5210 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-09-30 22:02:28 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > KITT-235 Re-adding modifications.
*   \#5211 was committed against KITT-235 on 2009-09-30 22:07:59 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > KITT-235 Re-adding modifications.
*   \#8231 was committed against KITT-845 on 2010-03-04 02:48:57 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > KITT-845
*   \#8394 was committed against KITT-845 on 2010-03-09 22:46:20 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > Merging KITT-845
*   \#9201 was committed against KITT-909 on 2010-04-14 18:26:30 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-909 Prevent Cardholder Self Reconciliation
*   \#9616 was committed against KITT-1025 on 2010-05-03 06:06:39 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > KITT-1025 Added canEdit variable and applied it to PCDO.
*   \#9617 was committed against KITT-1025 on 2010-05-03 18:21:01 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > KITT-1025 Added canEdit variable.
*   \#9618 was committed against KITT-1025 on 2010-05-03 19:16:17 UTC by <strong>hlo</strong>.

    > KITT-1025 Merging code; added canEdit variable.
*   \#13106 was committed against KITT-1623 on 2010-09-09 21:59:29 UTC by <strong>jwingate</strong>.

    > KITT-1623 / KFSI-2376 PCDOs Routing to Exception

<h2>Files</h2>

Files **created** for this modification (13 files)

    /work/db/scripts/arizona/data.sql
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/batch
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/batch/service
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/ProcurementCardHolder.java
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardHolder.xml
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/ProcurementCardDocument.java
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/datadictionary/ProcurementCardDocument.xml
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/workflow/ProcurementCardDocument.xml
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/identity
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/identity/ProcurementCardHolderDerivedRoleTypeServiceImpl.java
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/identity/ProcurementCardReconcilerDerivedRoleTypeServiceImpl.java

Files **modified** for this modification (27 files)

    /financial-system/kfs/branches/3.0/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/ProcurementCardTransactionDetail.java
    /financial-system/kfs/branches/3.0/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardTransactionDetail.xml
    /financial-system/kfs/branches/3.0/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java
    /financial-system/kfs/branches/3.0/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/ojb-fp.xml
    /financial-system/kfs/branches/3.0/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java
    /financial-system/kfs/branches/3.0/work/web-root/WEB-INF/tags/fp/procurementCardTransactions.tag
    /financial-system/kfs/branches/mod-hlo/work/web-root/WEB-INF/tags/fp/procurementCardTransactions.tag
    /financial-system/kfs/branches/mod-hlo/work/web-root/jsp/fp/ProcurementCard.jsp
    /financial-system/kfs/branches/mod-jwingate/work/src/arizona-ApplicationResources.properties
    /financial-system/kfs/branches/mod-jwingate/work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/document/ProcurementCardDocument.java
    /financial-system/kfs/branches/mod-jwingate/work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/document/validation/impl/ProcurementCardHolderDetailRule.java
    /financial-system/kfs/branches/mod-jwingate/work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/identity/ProcurementCardReconcilerDerivedRoleTypeServiceImpl.java
    /work/db/scripts/arizona/schema-oracle.sql
    /work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardHolder.xml
    /work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/document/ProcurementCardDocument.java
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/ProcurementCardTransactionDetail.java
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardHolderDetail.xml
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardTransactionDetail.xml
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/ojb-fp.xml
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/spring-fp.xml
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/gl/GlConstants.java
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/sys/AZKFSConstants.java
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/sys/KFSKeyConstants.java
    /work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java
    /work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java
    /work/web-root/WEB-INF/tags/fp/procurementCardTransactions.tag

<h2>Post Mod Changes</h2>

For each file that was changed or added for this modification, I've looked at its history in subversion (`svn log <file_name>`) to find whether later fixes were committed against this modification that I might have missed. There were some :) They may be fixes to the modification, or further enhancements, or changes completely unrelated. Please contact the UA for more information about a given revision number, or Jira ticket. Here they are:

*   **#4353** touches: 
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java`
    * `/work/web-root/WEB-INF/tags/fp/procurementCardTransactions.tag`
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`
    * `/work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardHolder.xml`

    > Merging build-1233
*   **#4748** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java`.

    > KITT-414
*   **#4833** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java`.

    > KITT-414
*   **#4893** touches `/work/web-root/WEB-INF/tags/fp/procurementCardTransactions.tag`.

    > Merging 1261
*   **#4894** touches: 
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java`
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`

    > Merging 1261
*   **#4897** touches `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/datadictionary/ProcurementCardDocument.xml`.

    > Readding modifications
*   **#5165** touches: 
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java`
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`

    > Merging 1282
*   **#5316** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KITT-534 Modified with temporary fix for pcard batch job.
*   **#5374** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > Merging build-1296
*   **#5480** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KITT-534 Re-adding import statements.
*   **#5481** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KITT-534 Removing irrelevant comment.
*   **#5534** touches: 
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java`
    * `/work/web-root/WEB-INF/tags/fp/procurementCardTransactions.tag`
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`

    > merging 1310
*   **#9223** touches `/work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardHolder.xml`.

    > KITT-916 PCDO/PCDH Document Search Enhancements
*   **#9670** touches `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardTransactionDetail.xml`.

    > KITT-1011 - PCard datadictionary changes to allow negative amounts
*   **#9824** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KFSI-1220/KITT-952 PCard Reroute to Reconciler - KFSI-1449/KITT PCDO Action List Title 
*   **#10303** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KFSI-1571
    > KITT-1040
    > Fixes from the foundation for this issue.
*   **#13105** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KITT-1609 / KFSI-2216 procurementCardDocument fails
*   **#13583** touches `/financial-system/kfs/branches/mod-jwingate/work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/document/ProcurementCardDocument.java`.

    > Merge from Trunk 9/27

*   **#13850** touches `/work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/document/ProcurementCardDocument.java`.

    > KFSI-1449/KITT PCDO Action List Title 
*   **#13968** touches: 
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`
    * `/work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardHolder.xml`
    * `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardTransactionDetail.xml`

    > KFSI-2609/KITT-1769 PCDO Enhancements Part 1 
*   **#13969** touches `/work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/document/ProcurementCardDocument.java`.

    > KFSI-2557, KITT-1774: Fixing issue where the gl entries post back until approval.
*   **#14140** touches: 
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`
    * `/work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/document/ProcurementCardDocument.java`

    > KFSI-1449/KITT-985 PCDO Action List Title 
*   **#14293** touches: 
    * `/work/web-root/WEB-INF/tags/fp/procurementCardTransactions.tag`
    * `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardTransactionDetail.xml`
    * `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/ProcurementCardTransactionDetail.java`

    > KFSI-2613/KITT-1801 PCDO Enhancements Part 2 
*   **#15081** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KFSI-2810/KITT-1952 Fix of Auto-Approve PCDOs  
*   **#15194** touches `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java`.

    > KFSI-2797 
    > KITT-1989
    > Needed to refresh workflow doc to get the state and approval flag set correctly
*   **#15500** touches: 
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java`
    * `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/datadictionary/ProcurementCardDocument.xml`
    * `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/ProcurementCardDocument.java`
    * `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`
    * `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/web/struts/ProcurementCardForm.java`
    * `/work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/fp/document/ProcurementCardDocument.java`

    > KFSI-2941
    > KITT-2048
    > Fixed logic in PDCO files so that accounting line will get imported. Created new arizona PDCO document and modify corresponding imports to match.

*   **#15720** touches `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/ProcurementCardDocument.java`.

    > KITT-239, KITT-1775: PCDO Use Tax Mod as pending entries instead of in the batch process.
*   **#15872** touches `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/businessobject/datadictionary/ProcurementCardTransactionDetail.xml`.

    > KFSI-3042/KITT-2155 - Fix Enter Sales Tax Field on PCDO to allow Negative Values
*   **#16181** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KFSI-2969/KITT-2219 Procurement Card Reroute fails - add 3 second wait
*   **#16221** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KFSI-2969/KITT-2219 Procurement Card Reroute fails - add 3 second wait
*   **#18786** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KFSI-4029
    > Made some changes to substantially speed up step5 of the Procurement Card Document Reroute Batch Step.
*   **#18844** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KFSI-4029
    > Made some changes to substantially speed up step5 of the Procurement Card Document Reroute Batch Step.
*   **#19734** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KFSI-4151/KITT-2609 Update PCDO Auto Approval from Super User to Blanket Approval
*   **#21020** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KFSI-4750, KFSI-4818, KITT-2795: Catch and log validation exceptions during PCDO blanket approval.
*   **#21152** touches `/work/src/org/kuali/kfs/fp/batch/service/impl/ProcurementCardCreateDocumentServiceImpl.java`.

    > KFSI-4750, KFSI-4818, KITT-2795: In PCDO auto approve, do blanket approve for each doc in a seperate transaction.
*   **#22742** touches `/work/web-root/WEB-INF/tags/fp/procurementCardTransactions.tag`.

    > KITT-3006 KFSI-5830 removed hidden param that was causing form to populate incorrectly
*   **#22871** touches `/work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/fp/document/datadictionary/ProcurementCardDocument.xml`.

    > KFSI-2320

(37 revisions)

The following files were ignored here:

    ojb-fp.xml
    arizona-ApplicationResources.properties
    data.sql
    schema-oracle.sql
    AZKFSConstants.java
    GlConstants.java
    spring-fp.xml
    KFSKeyConstants.java

This means, for example, that `ojb-fp.xml` was changed for this modification, but `ojb-fp.xml`'s history was not used to build this list of revisions.

